# Robotics

Intro: This document expains why my academic experiences are relevant to continuing to enhance the interdisciplinary focus that Ga Tech's Robotics program is know for. Being first of it's kind in the country, it needs students with that demonstrate the capacity for interdisciplinary research. 



Georgia Tech's robotics PhD program is regarded as being the first of it's kind in the country.The interdisciplinary disciplinary research approach they take is world renowned. 
The purpose of this letter is to demonstrate my capacity for a graduate program of that magnitude. During myb time as an undergrad, I've made many mistakes. However, emersing myself in as many science and engineering disciplines is not one of those mistakes. As a community college student I went above and beyond to ensure that my knowledge and skills came from a variety of disciplines and topics. In the 2 years needed to complete a single A.S degree, I earn four. One in Chemistry, Biology, Mathematics and Physics. I discovered early that I would enjoy a career in research so I participated in many research programs. As a Louis Stokes ALliance for Minority Particpation (LSAMP) Scholar, I utilized my knowledge of physics to design a mobile force transducer that could be used by biologist to study the evolutionary patterns of a newly discovered species of crab. As a National Aerospace Scholar, I worked in engineers at NASA to design a semi-autonomous rover that could be used in unmanned missions to Mars. The program was hosted at the Johnson Space center and featured students from all over the country. At the end of the program, we formed groups to particpate in the National Robotics Compettion; where I led my team to first place. 

My journey to being an interdisciplinary scientist/engineer would not be complete with exposure to biology and chemistry. In 2015, I was selected to be a Nanotechnology and Biomedicine scholar at the University of Georgia. This experience made me appreciate the junction between Biology and Organic Chemistry. My task was to design a bio-material that was bio-compatabile with pre-osteoblast stem cells. The goal was show the feasiblity of a bio-absorbable material, fabricated with a desktop 3D printer, for regenerating cartilage tissue. Although the project was pretty well defined, I added my own nanotech aspect to it. I designed an experiment to test the effects of growing cells on graphene based polymers. Like most REU programs, the nanobio program concluded with a research symposium I organized as the chair person. I presentewd my research in front of UGA's falculty. With the permission from mentors during that program, I presented my research at Albany State's research symposium where I took home the award for first place.  

At the bachelor's level, it was much easier to participate in interdiscipline studies because of Georgia's only Mechatronics engineering program. The program offered experiences in mechanical, electrical and computer engineering. Despite the program encompassing many different aspects of Mechatronics, robotics is where I found my focus. For my senior design project, my group and I built a prosthetic hand that was controlled with neural activity. 

Upon graduation, I accepted a job at the nation's most reliable airline company as an Aerospace Engineer. This role has allowed me to use my knolwedge of mechatronics to maintain and federal regulated maintence progran for various air crafts. During my off time, I am actively developing my skills in robotics, artificial intelligence and cyber security by completing nanodegrees offered by an online learning platform called Udacity. Just recently I recieved a Pytorch scholarship through a joint partnership between Udacity and Facebook. In order to qualify I need to complete a classification project that involves teaching a neural network how to identify different species of flower. Udacity's Robotics Software Eningeering curriculum hasprovided me an opportunity to gain more experience in machine perception, path planning, control system design, autononous navigation and mapping. 
